---
layout: post
title:  "Day 21 - Sort took all day!"
date:   2025-07-09 04:54:49 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

This morning CM explained the remix/fetcher stuff that he'd recommended using / changing to to Rhyder and I. I was only able to take a quick skim of the documentation before the meeting and parts of it made sense but others not so much. But yeah from what Chris said basically Remix can run on the server and talk to the DB using say a topping *service* which means you don't have to use API endpoints. I asked "okay so what are the actual pros and cons of this" and the answer is brevity on the front end instead of the whole `await fetch('/api/toppings', {
        method: 'POST',
        headers: { ...`
and to me (and Rhyder) that wasn't super convincing to change things to save a few lines of code and personally I want practice doing it the normal straight forward traditional way of using API endpoints - this feels like kind of a niche framework thing that isn't super applicable to our general coding knowledge. And also we don't have much time left on Ketchup so Chris basically said don't actually worry about this, and if we want we can refactor after the fact (unlikely that we will have time haha). So crisis averted we chatted for half an hour and determined we actually don't have to do anything different :)

Reviewed Rhyder's PRs, recommended that he use topping_id for identity rather than the question text, making him change everything hehe, and he recommended implementing some other sort parameters (last_used, alphabetical) for index, and I was like yeah that shouldn't be too hard... and it wasn't too hard really, had to do some fun SQL to get the last_used date from chat rounds (a leftjoin then a group by, generated by chat I kind of understood it), but alphabetical sort wasn't working and I was getting lots of reps using `curl` to see the sort output and a json viewer online and I thought maybe it was an issue with the groupby in the last_used query so I refactored it into a subquery (which I had to learn about) and that turned out to be better and more straightforward/comprehensible to me at least, but didn't fix the issue! Finally after probably 3 hours on this(talking to everyone at lunch about this weird issue), i haven't gotten to anything else i planned for the day, and I'm like "Danny says I shouldn't be stuck on anything for more than an hour, it's time to reach out" so I start messaging Noah to ask about the query, sending him the big block of code then I'm about to send the JSON output when I realize... capital letters... RAHHHHHHH. Sent a "nevermind! I was silly!" message to Noah. I was so sure capitals weren't the problem i didn't think I had any capital letters in my data, I'd been staring at "Which" for hours and thinking it was lower case. Anyways I felt very silly and that I'd sunk so much time into it but also like a real developer but also mostly silly.

 Fixed that easy and finally got to my task of the day at like 2pm which was writing test cases (unit) for some of the topping controller actions(create, index). Mostly used chatgpt to generate them, they turned out pretty good, and then even caught a bug with my sort for created at! (forgot to pass in direction so they were always ascending).

 I think that was the day! (Writing this on sunday after the fact oops)