---
layout: post
title:  "Day 20 - Controllers!"
date:   2025-07-08 04:54:49 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

Got in this morning and actually asked CM about reviewing my PR then of course he did it right away I just needed to reach out! `Command + N` from terminal opens a new terminal window. After standup I went to the new/store controller, renamed the route to be `api\toppings` per CM's suggestion, and then pulled Rhyder's frontend PR and started working on linking it together! I ended up needing to rewrite the `onCreateSubmit` function because it was just a placeholder even though it was in Rhyder's domain to actually fetch and POST from the API (chatGPT to write it but fairly straightforward) and it worked! The form posted to the database! Paired with Rhyder for a bit to show him the code, get approval on my js function, and we probemsolved the issue of the Zod schema and the frontend ui only `reopen` value (omitted it in the controllers to not pass to back end). Yeah got that commit added onto the PR then merged it!

Had lunch at somepoint then yeah started on the other controllers! Was going to do index and edit together in a branch/PR bc I thought index would be like two lines but then I was like 'aha! let me just add in sort right now!' so I added in sort by last used, some fancy SQL(leftjoin! but understandable) - all generated by Chat :( but like I understand it! Lots of reps using cURL to manually test stuff through terminal, working things out. Had to add some data into the database for chat_rounds to test sort by last_used, more SQL! It feels like not much, just a few lines in the toppinds controller but it is making the data actually show up! Matt says that is a big deal in our pairing tour. PR for that, then starting on edit controller (yeah concurrent work I will rebase it later it'll be good practice!). Pretty straightforward, worked pretty much out of the box (chat).

Pairing tour with Matt - asked him about what it's like starting out at Viget and I think he talked for 15 minutes about his old company and their bad habits such as writing non-maintainable code by not reading or looking to see if there's solutions already out there, and when they did look for solutions out there they picked random obscure libraries that were not being used by a ton of people and thus unlikely to be maintained longterm and could become abandonware, thus yeah the requirements docs caused a lot of problems when things changed! Talked about corejs which is when one guy was basically behind all the js on the internet so new js could run on old browsers, and he was the sole maintainer, for free, and got arrested and was in jail for two years and it was a mess. Lessons learned from jobs, at every job you learn bad habits, bring those with you and get yourself out of them, learn the way things are done somewhere new (more bad habits haha) but hopefully Matt can keep the Viget bad habits for the rest of his life because it's the best place he's ever worked. Then we got into the work - the WHY of code motivating a refactor he was working on - making a SQL query clearer (it was already fairly clear but the refactor makes the sql query builder into an actual real english function). Interesting to think about because I sometimes write comments for every loop of code and I feel like I'm over commenting for out here in the real professional world, but Matt has a lot of comments! Mostly function descriptions, not like after the lines, but the functions are small and granular. Chris Manning apparently gave a talk about how a piece of code repeating **twice** isn't enough to abstract it, you don't have to go crazy with DRY if it's only twice. Applicable to me with my twice duplicated code from yesterday in Natalie News. Matt believes in alphabetizing arguments. Ternary in JS: `?` `:` - sexy but unreadable, make that into a standard if block. Moral of the pairing tour: "Resist exceptions at all cost!". Good pairing tour, Matt can go on and on /pos.

Relish touch base with Ragan and Rhyder, showing her what we're up to, button that works! CRUD functionality is coming along well but we haven't looked at slack integration at all yet, but yeah sure it'll probably come together in the next two ish days. Chris Manning wants Rhyder to change some things with forms which may have far reaching implications but we'll see! Going to meet with him and the two of us tomorrow to talk through it. Was going to submit my edit PR and finish off the day but then I spent 20 minutes with Rhyder making a custom meme then chatted with Sharon about jobs and what comes next. Then finally did my PR and wrote this blog post(which had some calendar stalking distraction but I locked back in and now it is written!)
