---
layout: post
title:  "Day 18 - Pre Long Weekend!"
date:   2025-07-03 04:54:49 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

On Thursday (I did not write this on thursday it is now Monday) it really was kind of a pre long weekend kind of day. Pretty chill, not super high energy, lots of fun things. Started off the day thinking probably too hard about the toppings model and the relationships between toppings and chat rounds. I was considering a many to many relationship which would require another table but let us add multiple toppings per chat round, but end up just doing topping HasMany chatrounds so we can track how many times it has been repeated then if we want to add more toppings per round later we can just change the database it'll be fine, keep it simple for now. Made that relation and updated the PR, which got merged and now we have a Model!

We had intro to research operations with Laura Sweltz which wasn't the most exciting because it felt like it didn't really apply to us, I'm not sure I'm going to be organizing any research studies at Viget, but it was interesting to see some of the logistical stuff like compensation ($120-175 an hour!) - much better than the studies I did at school haha. Lots of checklists and tangible tasks associated with getting participants, scheduling, meeting logistics, forms, compensation, which is appealing to me.

Then we went out to Postino's (again! Viget is treating me this week!) with the interns and CM and Laura, very yummy, got the sandwich Rhyder raved about and it is worth the hype! Rescheduled my pairing tour with Matt because I was not going to make it back to the office on time haha. Came back to the office after like an hour and a half lunch, and realized I didn't have my tropical fish cards in my backpack (still in a tote bag from the dark horse) and Rhyder needed them for his Speed mini class so we took a fieldtrip to my car to get my backup devils tower cards. Then I taught my line dance (Tipsy/A Bar Song) to Ragan, Rhyder, Emily, and Laura, and it was fun and not too hard and everything that I promised it would be! Haroon videoed for us - a performance for his going away.

I had a 1:1 with Danny, checked in, everything is going well, we looked at controller stuff for Ketchup, and setting up a view for create, though I was a little confused about the point of that because I was pretty sure Rhyder would be doing all view stuff. Danny worried we might have a bit of a problem with how to connect controllers to views, said to ask CM about intertia js / vite. Determined that `store` = `new` for Adonis. `request.body` =  where parameters are. Said have a good vacation to Danny (a whole week without him!!)

Looked pretty deeply at rhyder's code/pr when i got back to my desk, figuring out what it means and how I will connect to it. Learned about Zod Validation which parses the input. Did some more research and realized that we're doing an api only server since the front end will be rendered by client, so I don't think we will run into the problem with views and controllers, I think Danny was thinking of a more tradition Rails app where we would render the views via controllers. Thus I don't need the create and edit routes. I wrote the sotre route, and tested on the back end manually by POSTing some JSON via Curl and I'm pretty sure it works! The database updated so we will see what happens when connected to rhyder's side. Tried to get a PR out but ran into branch difficulties as always and didn't have the time to reset and clean things up because I needed to get to the airport! So yeah that was the day! Back home then to catch my flight, no blogging time at the end of the day haha.