---
layout: post
title:  "Day 11 - I'm a Devise User!"
date:   2025-06-24 04:54:49 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

Started off the day with my 1:1 with Kelly to finally hear about time tracking! yay! So the Harvest, Forecast, and Cropduster tools all sort of go together. For the actual time tracking you retroactively put time into Harvest every day, or start a timer, or pull in meetings from your calendar, quite granular, it can synch with Github somehow too. Then Harvest gives you this really good aggregate data on Cropduster, which can show you a person's yearly utilization and the graph of how they've spent all their time, how much of it was billable, what projects, etc.  Harvest is good for project tracking and seeing budget health, you can put in the overall budget and billable rate and see how you're progressing towards it, then compare that with revenue projections. Can also compare with Forecast to see predicted vs actual time, we looked at some projects / teams in Forecast - booked, pending, and prospective projects planned out in Forecast. All super interesting, lowkey I want to be able to go in and see everybody's actual time tracking but this was great and Kelly says we can chat any time!

Then Dev Standup and a meeting with Danny and Lauren about ACS Science Coaches Matching and the Columbia Poverty Simulation project. Lauren is in Boulder this week so I got to be in the Climb room with her irl with Danny on the screen. For ACS, teachers and coaches are primarily matched based on geography and grade level (after preferences are taken into account) and currently there's a problem where if there are no coaches in the preferred distance then it just takes the first coach on the list which is not necessarily one that teaches the correct grade level. So the desired is that it always tries to match up considering grade level. Also talked a bit about new features - matching keywords and applicant interest fields to make matches, word similarity, etc, this would be for sorting not filtering so as to favor but not exclude. At some point ACS wants the ability to see applicants on a map. Lauren and Danny were saying that in hindsight this is a very complicated thing to have put into a CMS haha. Then we talked about the Columbia project which I didn't have much background on at all - discussing the merits of a loading bar on the results page (easy to get wrong, wouldn't actually be accurate just progress on an estimated time) vs a results ready email notification (it only takes 45 seconds, kinda overkill) vs a fun loading page (would be React-y and they've put in a lot of effort to not use React). Also sounds they need to add a database (not relational so you can just throw pandas df directly to database) so that results can be saved and sent via a link. Then they showed me a demonstration of the simulation which was helpful! Lots of info, fun meeting, Danny and Lauren are so cool.

Btw I get emails for all the MW testing orders now and I enjoyed seeing Tommy's Spanish alter ego Tomás Pelota.

Was going to have a pairing tour with Chris Manning right after that meeting which would've been a little bit information overload but he rescheduled it so we're all good!

Reviewed Danny's PR review, learned about git add -p (patch, only stages a hunk of a file not full thing) and git commit --amend. Then went through Devise quick start, it sets up so much stuff for me! Yay! Also thank you Devise for seeing that I'm using rspec and not generating test files that I'd have to delete.

Lunch at C Burger, sending messages for scram points, Rhyder also ended up there for lunch so we chatted instead of me reading my book. Interesting to compare our experiences, asked about applying, agreed that rock paper scissors was very surprisingly easy exercise. In pairing tours the devs have been asking Rhyder questions, "how would you approach this?" He offers himself up whereas I'm quite quiet, along for the ride, but should I be presenting myself differently? Is it because I don't seem confident and am not active enough in the discussions? Like I know I'm not very confident in my skills but also I definitely do know things and I kind of feel like the devs should be interacting with me more no matter what to at least give me a chance even if I crash and burn. Is it all on me? Is it gender? Am I not being outgoing or confident enough? I'm in a CS internship like the expectations for that kinda stuff can't be too crazy - anyways yeah much to ponder perhaps I should talk to Danny.

Intern stand up, lovely to see Aubrey! Then intro to UX & Design with Jackson. Viget does very pragmatic design, focused on delivering value over style. Does work on visioning, what a project could be. NFLPA website required a lot of research on what a football player's life and career journey is actually like. UX researchers are researching what drives people, what information are people looking for? Megan does a lot in R and they send all the scary data to her. Success comes from channels of communication and access between teams. Asked about Robinhood and how the embedded teams and contractors work and didn't get much of an answer on the actual logistics but more about what it's like to work on that project - big impact, lots of users, large platform, fast paced, isolating and siloed from Viget, full timers don't really like it so that's why they're getting contractors for it.

Anyways let's finish up speedily did lots of devise and user authentication stuff, added username, changed author to posted by, hiding new and edit and delete behind authentication.authorization checks. And then the blog! Okay done goodbye!