---
layout: post
title:  "Day 19 - Quiet Day at the Office!"
date:   2025-07-07 04:54:49 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

Got in a little early this morning (8:40 ish) and was surprised to see that I was the first one here. Turned the lights on, got settled in, and cleaned up my topping controller branch from last week so that I could submit the PR for it before dev standup. Lots of resetting to HEAD, force push. Turned out to just be the interns (4/5 since Emily's flight from Vegas was delayed) and I didn't have any meetings the entire day besides standup so yeah a quiet, heads down kinda day. I needed a review for CM on my controller PR before I felt good to go onto the other controllers so I started off on Natalie News, read the reviews and fixed up the failing test case for the PR I did last week, got that merged. Then I went after the content missing bug which only needed a one line fix adding `form: { data: { turbo_frame: "_top" } }` to the destroy button so that it would force a full page reload instead of getting overwritten by the turbo frame redirect. PR for that, immediately approved by David no comments. Then I had a (quiet) lunch, ate my pasta read my book. Emptied both dishwashers. I sat on the front balcony a bit, watched a video on browser dev tools because I've gotta get better at inspect element and the console (`cmd+opt+I` to open), it was interesting but not crazy helpful, more tricks than super usable. Watched a 100 sec video from the same guy about js array maps bc the algorithm, I think I should be watching some more videos consuming some more content learning some more stuff! The balcony was in the sun so back inside, my PR still not reviewed :(, so I went to my next issue to make the reply form for natalie news into a turbo frame. This turned out to be tricky, though I really do feel like I understood how things needed to happen and were connected it was just linking it all together that was rough. Fighting with turbo fighting with chatgpt, going back to an orginal fix (if else turbo frame around add comment form) with a new reply controller and thus a **path** for the reply button finally got me there. Did a similar forced `turbo_frame: "_top" ` to get a reload for the new replies. Duplicate code :( Interns took a stroll (very indirect bc of construction) to the library cafe, definitely needed to wake me up I feel Monday. And yeah I came back finished the turbo replies stuff and wrote up a PR for it! Chris Manning had forgotten and reviewed Rhyder's PR this afternoon but alas I think I'll need to remind him about mine tomorrow morning. However, excited to pull Rhyder's PR and try to get the form to work ! Okay there's the day! Alone, some blockers, quiet, productive, fixing bugs, reading my book.