---
layout: post
title:  "Day 17 - The Work is Work-ing!"
date:   2025-07-02 04:54:49 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

A lovely day at the office! Started off the morning doing some more Ketchup research, seeing how CRUD works for users, just more familiarization that makes me feel better about where everything is and what's doing what. Dev standup then a ketchup working session with Rhyder Chris and Danny with Ragan listening in. Chris and Danny made us some dev specific tickets such as "create toppings model", got answers to some of my questions - yes use controllers, how to test as admin - which led us down a path realizing that admin currently doesn't really work at all, it gets overwritten by the User role. I was following along but Rhyder was making the changes. We're going to work off of a feature branch (make PRs to that). and we can manually promote ourselves to admin for testing via sqlite or the seeder. Then Rhyder and I talked with Ragan about scope (small) and we designed a wireframe for the admin view page. Really feel like I got a lot of clarity on the project with these meetings, we're on the figjam figuring out how it'll look, very exciting stuff.

Then I had my pairing tour with David which was great and not scary! I didn't end up seeing anything he was working on haha (he said he's only been doing performance reviews anyways), I started off asking about Turbo but we found some other issues with replies and went through fixing that, added parent_id to the comment reply form (hidden) bc it wasn't getting added and then connected it with a foreign key. **Foreign key constraints are really important!** It means that it has to point to a legit record. `Shift + Tab` outdents code, so useful!! Then we looked at the turbo, moved the frames around a bit but the real issue was that I didn't have it installed in application.js haha. Did some great `git add --patch` work ! Good amount of David directing me through things but also me communicating and contributing, definitely the most I've talked on any pairing tour (because we were pairing on my work lol). Good tip from Danny about David going quiet and it seems like I should respond but really he's just thinking. That was most of the time on Natalie News, then I asked David the big ticket questions of app devs vs js, what technology to use, is react all that, etc. David says React comes with so much overhead, it changes so fast (what even is adonisjs), it gets complicated and heavier and it's hard to know when you actually need it. He also said he's still waiting for the benefit of codesharing (fullstack JS app, frontend and backend, what is the value). It's important to have people who are good at several things. David thinks that while Ketchup is fun, it's "kind of like a college project" and the rails app really has a lot of value, it's the same stuff he was doing 15 years ago, Ruby on rails is consistent and solid, but yeah I should be good at JS and React too and not to limit myself.

Then I went out for lunch with Leslie, came back for OH with Danny, checked in briefly about the toppings model i made yesterday. I wrote up a PR for Natalie News comment stuff I did with David (new bug was introduced oops), then one for ketchup for the toppings model (both requiring me to get out of some complicated git stuff with branches) and yeah! Time for baseball ciao!